Now that you've learned the extended Kalman filter and its implementation in robotics,
it's time to use the power of ROS and implement an EKF package.
In this lab, we've controlled a robot inside a simulator and you
collect sensitive information from the robots inertial measurement unit,
rotary encoders and vision sensors.
Then you'll apply an EKF ROS package to this robot.
The EKF ROS package will compare data generated from
the robot's onboard sensors and apply
sensor fusion to estimate the robot's pose as it moves around.
Within this lab, you'll be working with five different ROS packages,
each with a different purpose;
the turtlebot gazebo package which launches a mobile robot inside a gazebot environment,
the robot_pose_ekf package which will estimate the position and orientation of the robot,
the odom_to_trajectory package which will open
the odometry values generated over time into a trajectory path,
the turtlebot_teleop package which will let you drive the robot using keyboard commands.
Finally, the rviz package which will let
you visualize the estimated position and orientation of the robot.
While working through this lab,
you'll learn how to go through the documentation of ROS packages,
identify the subscriber and publisher topics,
and then make the necessary changes to integrate the different packages.
By the end of this lab,
you'll know how to merge all the nodes of
the five different packages into a single launch file.
Then, you'll be able to launch your project with a single command.